adding considerations for tokenization (#354)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/sdks/web/javascript/index.mdx

To create one, login into our [Portal](https://portal.basistheory.com) and create a new "Public" Application with the permissions you require.

## Considerations

> Basis Theory Node.js SDK uses camel case for most methods and converts these properties to snake case when sending requests to the API. One notable exception to this is the [Tokenize](/docs/api/tokens/tokenize) method which uses snake case for the request body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basis Theory Javascript SDK uses conventional camel case for most methods and converts these properties to snake case when sending requests to the API. One notable exception to this is the [Tokenize](/docs/api/tokens/tokenize) method which uses snake case for the request body.
```
